Contributing coding style (#1478)
ovh-ux/manager: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. your work must be signed (see below)
5. you may contribute through GitHub Pull Requests

# Coding and documentation Style

- Code must be formated with `yarn run lint`
- Code must pass `yarn run lint`
- Code must pass `yarn run test`

# Translations

Due to an internal process, only French sentences can be updated or added.

> If you find typos in files named `Message_xx_XX.json` please open an Issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make changes in translations from another language, please open an issue
```
and then add a link to `https://github.com/ovh-ux/manager/issues/new/choose` 😄

4. your work must be signed (see below)
5. you may contribute through GitHub Pull Requests

# Coding and documentation Style

- Code must be formated with `yarn run lint`
- Code must pass `yarn run lint`

> - Code must pass `yarn run test`

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense that code should pass both currently as one is an alias for the other ?
